Welcome to the Petty Profit podcast weekly, man hug edition with me and my brothers, Aaron and Sam together at last.
Finally reunited after almost a month away and it was great to get together and record a podcast once again.
Honestly, don't expect too much in this episode.
We're just kind of getting back into the groove here, getting warmed up.
You know, it was a little messy.
We meandered a little bit.
We just kind of chatted and caught up.
There's not a whole lot of structure to this episode.
But if you want to hang with us, we'd love to have you.
We talked about John MacArthur and his stand against the California government there for Sunday Church.
We talked about the riots.
We talked about the Republican Convention.
We talked about the upcoming election.
We talked about Sam who is working on running in ultra marathon.
And now that he has said it on this podcast, he's going to have to actually do it, I guess.
So now that it's in stone, I talked about my homeschooling experience with my boys so far, my new job with the Babylon B and a bunch of other stuff.
So stay tuned.
Hope you enjoy it.
Like I said, we're just getting, we're just getting back into the groove here.
So bear with us.
And thank you for listening.
Good.
Things are great.
I'm recording.
I'm just recording right now, man.
We have no plan for this episode.
We don't need a plan because we haven't spoken in like three weeks.
Our brains are just filled, just backed up with manhood, the wisdom nuggets that have not dropped.
Last three weeks.
I just edited the podcast you guys recorded for me, which I appreciate, but you guys are not allowed to say nuggets anymore.
I'm banning that word from this podcast.
Can't say tell our audience to pick up all the nuggets that we drop.
I thought that was a pretty good line, honestly.
Wisdom nuggets.
That's the name of this podcast now.
It is so good to see you guys.
Good to see you.
It is really good to see you.
Yeah.
So we're back.
I'm okay.
We're back.
How's it feel?
Joel is at a white claw.
That's a white claw.
Shut up.
Yeah, I'm drinking a white claw.
Joel joins the Babylon Bee and next thing you know, he's wearing bow ties and drinking white claws.
You don't have to be all pretentious about what you drink.
Enjoy what you enjoy.
Sometimes I'm feeling like a little bit of scotch and cigar and sometimes I'm feeling like a white claw on a vape.
You know, it's just about the mood.
You know what's?
Well, I was, I was, I was talking to Joe real quick.
Can you, can you hear Hannah talking in the background of my audio?
Yes.
Okay.
One second.
You have to tell your wife to be silent.
And we missed you, Joel, in our podcast, as we so much.
We didn't have to have any, you know, I don't know, what do you call the masculinity disclaimers or what's that word that?
No, what's that word?
No, I'm trying to think it starts with an M. I don't forget what it is.
I, you know, you guys, I really, it, you guys definitely, I think you upped the quality and maturity of the podcast, um, by a couple points.
So that's what you pay.
That's what your pay is good.
Yeah.
It's what you're here for.
So I'm sure the audience appreciated.
I appreciate it.
So I thank you.
Um, I'm back.
It's been a long time.
It's been too long.
Um, thank you to the listeners for being patient and I apologize for making you wait that long.
And you know, I was surprised because people did, people were writing.
and asking, what's going on?
Which, you know, maybe on one hand feel bad, but on the other hand, it kind of made me think, oh my gosh, people actually like, we gotta keep this thing going.
As a matter of fact, there were people on subscribers to the Babylon Bee commenting on our articles, asking where the man hug was.
Like saying stuff like, I know this might be a weird place to ask this, but I don't know really how else to get ahold of you.
I give you my email every time in the podcast.
When are you guys going to release another man hug?
We're back, everybody.
We're back.
That's it.
We have nothing to say.
Aaron's playing with his hair.
He's got Luke Skywalker.
I'm drinking white claw.
The month has definitely taken its toll.
So I went camping.
I went on vacation.
Yeah, yeah.
We talked about that last time.
Yeah.
And we, so our guesses were that camping was your idea, not Kelsey's.
It was, but you know, Kelsey was on board with it.
We'd never tried it before.
It's worth a shot, right?
Yeah.
And so we went to this private campground that was like along this river in Hawking Hills, Ohio.
And we go to the place where you register and it is like this freakiest, like,
seediest place you could ever imagine.
There's a burned up house like just like burned like to the ground and no one's touched it.
There's like a bunch of trailers and you know, and then right across the street, there is this strange shack by the river like this creepy like haunted looking shack.
It's like an opioid.
And no, no, and it looked like this nondescript shack, but we went in, we signed in to our camping spot.
We came back out and there were about
75 people lined up outside this shack like waiting to get in.
And we were like, why are people going into this tiny little white shack along the river?
And they were all dressed up like they were all dressed to the hilt.
The women were wearing these very ornate dresses and the men were all wearing like this kind of this Eastern garb.
They were all Middle Eastern and we were like, what is this?
What's going on?
And we kind of drive by slowly and then out the other side of the shack, we see this guy carrying a dead sheep on his back and he just throws it into the back of his Subaru with his family in there and they drive off.
And I think it was a halal market, you know, like where they, uh, Muslims, when you eat meat, it has to be, you know, it's like kosher.
It has to be butchered.
It has certain way has to have its like throat slit and you know, say a prayer over it or something like that.
And so I think that's what it was.
I think they were,
getting their halal meat.
But it was just- In the middle of hockey- In the middle of hockey- The middle of hockey- The middle of hockey- The middle of hockey- The middle of hockey- The middle of hockey- The middle of hockey- The middle of hockey- The middle of hockey- The middle of hockey- The middle of hockey- The middle of hockey- The middle of hockey- The middle of hockey- The middle of hockey- The middle of hockey- The middle of hockey- The middle of hockey- The middle of hockey- The middle of hockey- The middle of hockey- The middle of hockey- The middle of hockey- The middle of hockey- The middle of hockey- The middle of hockey- The middle of hockey- The middle of hockey- The middle of hockey- The middle of hockey- The middle of hockey- The middle of hockey- The middle of hockey- The middle of hockey- The middle of hockey- The middle of hockey- The middle of hockey- The middle of hockey- The middle of hockey- The middle of hockey- The middle of hockey- The
And the camp sites are right on top of each other.
So there's this couple that's to our left, and there are these two dudes that are to our right.
And they have such thick West Virginian accents.
We don't understand a word they're saying.
A couple of times they called out to Henry as he was playing with a ball, just joking around or something.
And we didn't know what they said to him.
They were just like, hey, hecka damn, we're gagging this Hebrew down there.
And Henry's just like, what?
What?
And so anyway,
These guys laughed and talked Very loudly at the top of their lungs until like 3 30 a.m. Oh boy It was it was hot.
It must have been like a hundred degrees in that tent, you know mosquitoes humidity We had two air mattresses, but you know six people on two air mattresses with the heat and the humidity and the loud pretty good kid there burn it like until 3 30 in the morning and
It was the most miserable night.
The kids were good.
The kids liked it, you know, but it just did not like we woke up.
We were so tired and we Kelsey and I looked at each other and just said, you want to get a hotel?
Yeah, let's go get a hotel.
So we chickened out after one night.
We went and got a hotel and it was great.
We had a great vacation.
So came back.
It was good.
And then I started my new job.
So.
It was a private camping area.
Yeah, it was like a privately owned campground.
It wasn't like a state park campground.
It was like a privately owned thing.
Did you pull a dad and find the cheapest campground on Priceline or something like that?
No, Kelsey helped me find it.
It looked good online.
I don't know.
Well, we'll do better next time.
We'll find something more remote.
And I think the trick is to go in like the spring or the fall when it's a little cooler.
Like when it's Joel, you need to bring the boys out here.
I mean, Denver.
Oh my gosh.
There are.
There are so many.
You can go to these national parks and grab a spot.
And I mean, we were up in Steamboat, which is about three hours away from Denver.
And you go up to, what is it?
Like rabbit ears, national forest.
And you pull off the road and it's just all these little campsites and you're looking out over the mountains and there's all these hiking trails everywhere and there's lakes where you can go fishing.
I mean, it's just, it's freaking awesome.
So we need to get into camping too.
We haven't done that since we've been on here.
I would very much like that.
Is there an excuse for me to go out there?
Is there anything coming out?
Can we do our first annual man hug retreat?
We should.
We need to summit the meeting of the mines in Denver.
We'll get a cabin in somewhere in the mountains and we'll fill it with whiskey and cigars and grape juice for the Baptist for our dad.
Our dad will be there.
We'll have a berry convention.
Let me ask this to the listeners.
I don't know if anyone listening would be interested in some kind of a meetup sometime and I don't know where everyone is.
I don't know if our audience is big enough to justify something like this.
If you would be interested in meeting up some time for a weekend or in a cigar shop or just recording something together, let us know if you'd be interested in something like that.
Maybe what location might make sense.
Maybe we can find a central location and do something like that.
Yeah, if you'd like to pay for us to fly out to your city and put us up in a hotel, I mean, we're totally not opposed to that.
If you run a church and you would like us to do a conduct a seminar on
on what ever comes to mind that day.
They'll probably text around some of the topics that afternoon before the event.
And we'll get up there and wing it.
And it will be gold.
You know what we need to do?
We need to go to all these Christian conferences whenever we start doing those again.
And we need to just set up a stand and just do our podcast live.
Pretend like we're super famous.
Yeah, like a T4G or TGC or whatever else.
Christian Evangelical Conference comes up and just do a man hug nation.
We're here at T4G live with Sam and Aaron.
You're like throw T-shirts.
We got J-Mac here, Sam, with a string to chant it up.
Do you know it would be fun?
It would be fun to go.
Every time we tell people that like, you know, oh, like make sure you're here next hour.
We're bringing on this super awesome interviewer and bringing on J-Mac and we're bringing on David Platt and then like we just never bring on any of these people.
We just keep telling the crowd.
Come back in an hour.
Maybe we could get Princess Yum Yum to show up.
Yes.
Yeah, well, Princess Yum Yum himself.
If you don't know who Princess Yum Yum is, listen to our last episode on Woke Church.
So all right, boys.
Now that I'm back, it's as you should expect,
It's politics all the time.
Lib onage, nothing but partisan right wing, you know, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You know, I mean, I feel like now that J-Mac has owned the libs officially, I think he can retire.
Because he has full-handedly owned them.
J-Mac.
By just doing what he has been doing.
Well, maybe we should talk about J-Mac real quick.
What do you guys think about J-Mac and what's going on out in California there?
I've always had things I've disagreed with him on, particularly his stance on women.
He doesn't like them.
He wants them all to go home.
But that was epic when he got up and he was like, welcome to the Grace community.
Baptist approach it.
I think he got that from the Babylon.
I think he's been reading the beat.
You think so?
Yeah.
I just like, I'm like, okay, like, I love this guy right now for the next five seconds.
It's weird how, I mean, he's, he's kind of like come in and out of the limelight over the decades for just various things because he just like, he's just like this.
He's not a showboat necessarily.
He doesn't come across as a showboat or a, you know, a guy who like likes to be in the spotlight, but he just,
He just takes these stances, you know, and he just doesn't back down from him.
And that alone just kind of makes him a bit of a unicorn, you know?
I think he understands probably better than a lot of people that, like that culture is important and that we should be, and maybe this isn't the right stance, but like he has this, I think he has this belief that like, yeah, I mean, there is a war on our culture.
And so I think that he understands that a little bit.
I think that's why he's taking some of those odd stands.
So just for the benefit of the listener, if you don't know who John MacArthur is, he's a pastor in theologian of Grace Community Church out in California.
California is of all the states, probably the most draconian in its regulation of churches right now in COVID, probably along with Michigan too.
in the church, in the elders of the church released a statement about kind of about civil disobedience and when it's justified and when it's not.
And basically said, we are going to disobey the executive order from the governor on church gatherings in California.
Here's why.
You know, the state is not an authority over the church.
God is.
And so this is what we're going to do.
This is why I thought it was very well, well put.
I don't think you have to agree with it.
I think that there's, you know, there's definitely, there's JMac fan boys out there that have decided that this is like the line in the sand that needs to be drawn.
And, you know, this is the, this is the seper, the dividing line between true Christianity and worldly Christianity.
I don't think that's the case, but, you know, I admire Stan.
As much as I've always had a chip on my shoulder about him over the years, you know, I just, he's a stodgy old guy.
You got to, you know, you need a stodgy old guy to just stand up and be like, you know.
For real.
Sometimes I'd rather have a stodgy old guy than a hip 28 year old skinny gene pastor.
I'll take that all the time.
That says nothing and everything.
Absolutely.
Yeah.
So John MacArthur, I, so the, we did a little bit of a flurry of Babylon B articles for them when that was happening.
And one of the ones I did was Gavin Newsom sneaks into Grace Community Church to steal all the hymnals.
Brilliant work.
That was the creation.
Yeah, we should read it, man.
Read it out for us.
All right, I'll read it.
So good.
But the funny thing about it was Grace Community Church, one of the elders apparently read it from the pulpit during their evening service and they made sure
Um, they made sure all the, uh, the, you know, live stream recording was off first.
So there's no, there's no recording of it.
Unfortunately, but, um, they read it and apparently everyone was laughing.
One of the elders, um, emailed one of our staff and, and, uh, and told us about it, but, uh, it goes like this.
That's great.
So the headline is Gavin Newsom sneaks in the Grace Community Church at night to steal all the hymnals.
And we've always, we've had kind of this long running
gag about Gavin Newsom being the Grinch.
Like we have this other article about him like, you know, hearing the sound of children's laughter.
Like he, you know, mobilizes the police after hearing children's laughter or something like that.
Um, but it goes, um, towards the night before Sunday, when through GCC, no spirit was stirring for those gifts have ceased.
The hymn, those were nestled all snug in their pews for J. Mack was coming to preach the good news.
Then in crept old Gavin with loathing in spite.
to snatch up those hymnals in the dead of the night.
He went one by one through each one in his sack from the very first pew to the one in the back.
Then Newsome, he laughed such a terrible laugh and said, this will cut their dumb service in half.
No worship, no singing, they'll cry and they'll scream.
That will teach them for messing with COVID-19.
But poor Gavin was shocked.
when to his dismay, he heard the church singing the very next day.
He heard high notes and low notes, horns, violins, for the old folks had memorized all of the hymns.
Duh, duh, duh, duh, duh.
Brilliant.
Nice piece.
Good times.
Mom emailed me after she found that and she emailed me afterward and she said, I feel like it could probably use one more verse.
It seems as if it may ending too soon and would benefit from another verse.
What do you think about that?
I was like, well, you know, what I have written, I have written.
So anyway, um, JMac, anybody have anything more to say about JMac before we move on since this is a fast paced show and we have much to cover?
Let's move on.
Okay.
What's our next stock?
Okay, so I want to talk about kind of just the riots in unrest right now.
So especially because of you, Sam, hitting close to home a little bit where you live in Denver.
The epicenter of this from the beginning has kind of been with Portland and the Antifa thugs facing off against the federal officers.
And then when the federal officers left facing off against the Portland police and now it's spread to
Denver, uh, they have rioting in Wisconsin now.
Little, little, I think smaller scale riots in other cities throughout the country as well.
I don't, I, I don't see how this can end.
I don't see an end to this because the, the most recent spader riots came from that, uh, that shooting of, who was that guy's name?
Um, the guy was rich.
Jacob.
No.
Yeah.
The guy was reaching into his car.
Uh huh.
With the tension between cops and police, with the amount of encounters that police have with black people every year, this probably happens about once or twice a month.
A kind of an intense encounter between a white cop and a black officer.
A black officer is either beaten or shot or killed.
I mean, just statistically with the hundreds of thousands of interactions that cops have with dangerous people, criminals, just people on the street, this is bound to happen, you know, once or twice a month, just statistically.
So if these are all recorded and every single one of these leads to a riot, every single time, all across the country, like when does this end?
I mean, I'm just picturing as soon as these start to die down, there's going to be another video that comes out and then you have George Floyd,
You know, what if the officers get acquitted in the George Floyd case, which it doesn't seem as open as shut as it used to be, you know?
Right.
Um, I think it's going to increase too, because like a police shooting like that insta gates, and creates, you know, these riots and all this stuff and hatred in these riots.
I mean, you got, you got police officers being bricked in the head and just, you know, pure hatred and vitriol toward the police.
What's that going to create?
It's going to create more edgy, trigger, happy policemen that realize everyone out here hates me.
And I'm fearing for my life even more.
And what is that going to create?
That's going to create more unjustified shootings.
And it's going to go back and forth and back and forth and escalate and escalate.
So how does it end?
How does one end to something like this?
The government coming in and just steamrolling everybody?
Steamrolling it?
Is that the only way?
I mean, just like iron fist, like coming in strong, squelching it.
military, the works, like what are, yeah, are there any other options?
How is that not, I mean, how is that not black and white?
I mean, the government is there to protect law abiding citizens from non law-abiding citizens.
And that's what the government is for.
And I think something like this stops when our leaders who five minutes after the shooting this weekend decided that this was a racially motivated bad shooting, like within five minutes on Twitter before
knowing any details from a five second clip.
I mean, it's horrendous.
The clip is sad.
It's terrible.
No one likes watching anybody get shot, but as soon as our leaders stop inciting their riots, these democratic leaders are going out there.
And before any evidence comes out, they are stirring these things up.
And I think that's, I think honestly, like conservatives need to, if they live in a city,
are not even just conservatives, just law-abiding citizens.
If you're a law-abiding citizen and you live in a city where your mayor is letting rioters overrun your city, you need to waltz up to that mayor's house and forcefully remove them from power.
Well, most good people are not doing that.
Most good people are just leaving.
That's what I'm seeing.
Yeah, exactly.
When these things happen in these sorts of cities,
The good people just say, I'm not messing with this.
I'm going to move to the country.
I'm going to move to the suburbs.
I'm going to go to a different state.
And then the city becomes a husk, just a shell of brokenness and mayhem.
That's what we're seeing.
And I don't see too many people willing to stay behind and fight for their city.
Except for that couple outside the mansion with their...
The McCluskies?
Yeah.
The Nance and Karen out there with their, they spoke at the, I know convention.
So it's slightly weird out by that.
Yeah.
It just seemed kind of, I don't know.
So can we, can we talk about the Republican convention real quick?
Cause I, I, yeah, sure.
Here's, here's the thing.
I don't know how much you saw or if you watched the whole thing.
I kind of will like tune.
I was working on some stuff on my computer.
So I had it in my earphones.
I was tuning in and out and,
I mean, it's gonna play really, it's gonna play great with like the Fox News crowd.
Right.
You know, like the boomer, patriotic.
I mean, some of the commercials were like, I mean, they were almost like dystopian propaganda, you know, like, as we all march together towards a greater future.
Don't know, no flags waving, you know, like the sun rising.
I'm like, what is this?
Yeah, it did.
It did.
Yeah.
And yeah, and so, I mean, and it's, that's gonna work for some people.
But what bugs me about these sorts of things is you know that a lot of independents and lefties are tuning in.
And I wish, I think that the Republicans would be really smart to have a like one of their nights be like a red pill night.
Like this is the night dedicated to the lefties and the independents who are watching.
And we are here to reach out to you and we're just going to hit you with truth bombs, not like in a mean way.
But let's talk about the truth of systemic racism and police brutality and socialism and bring the Ben Shapiro's and the Milton Friedman's, well he's dead, but Thomas Sowell and Larry Elders and all those people to actually reach out to people who are still somewhat receptive to the truth.
and reach out to those people.
And then maybe the other three days have like a rah, rah, rah America time, which is great.
But I don't know.
It just, it works for some people.
It's so much for me.
Yeah.
It was, I don't know.
I guess on both sides, I was just kind of, it just kind of bugs me of like how highly these men are elevated.
It's just like, this is our savior.
He will come and he will save all of you.
This is not just the most important election in my lifetime.
It might possibly be the most important election in our country's history.
They say that every four years.
Every four years.
Goodness.
Yeah, I feel like we just elect
kind of just a king, kind of just.
Honestly, I feel like when I watch these, part of me is like, that's what people are wanting.
They actually really want a king.
They want a Messiah figure.
Give us a king.
But I will say the RNC made a great move of having their speakers be in a hall behind a podium and not on a Zoom call.
I feel like the biggest mistake the DNC made was
making their viewers who have suffered through months of awkward zoom meetings to tune in and watch awkward zoom meetings.
That was cringey man.
That's hilarious.
No one was watching.
Before we get to the DNC, I want to ask you this question because you touched on it, Aaron, with the whole idea of a king.
I posed this question to my Twitter army.
I have a better idea.
Which is greatly increased.
Yeah, one of my tweets went viral.
So I got some followers.
But I posed this question in a poll that said, have Americans lost the ability to self govern?
And I gave two choices.
No, they're still hope.
And then yes, it's time for an emperor.
And 75% of people said, no, there's still hope.
We can still self-govern.
And then 25% of my people said, no, Americans can't self-govern anymore.
It's time for an emperor.
So we saw that with Rome.
I mean, the Senate became completely corrupt and ineffectual.
And they all became just a bunch of rapists and money launderers and corrupt goons, just like our Congress now.
not passing any laws, not getting anything done for the people, not representing their districts.
And the emperor was given kind of emergency power to reset everything and fix it.
And he just kind of stayed, you know, for the next however many hundreds of years.
And the empire worked for a little while, worked under an emperor.
But do you think that my question to you guys is, where do you think this is going?
Do you think that eventually that's going to become a necessity?
in order to either reset or create some stability, or do you think we can kind of rediscover this ability to self-govern?
Revival would be a cure, you know, to recover humanity's ability to self-govern a little bit.
Yeah, I think the dangerous thing is, especially from the left, you're seeing this, they're closing the gap between
democracy and mob rule.
And they're almost putting one over the other.
They talk about democracy in terms of just a simple majority of just whatever the most people think is what we should do in all the riots and things like that.
And if we get to a point where that's democracy, and there's only a handful of things that can stamp that out.
And most of those solutions aren't very, aren't very good.
Right.
So it's like, it's usually comes in the form of some authoritarian
um, ruler who asserts himself, you know, it's just, but yeah, I mean, any way that we can just kind of steer it back, you know, to a republic and, and keep things normal without it breaking.
Just kind of.
Do you think, uh, term limits on Congress will help?
I, it, hopefully it's not too late, but, um, I think that,
If we, if we reformed Congress to make it so you can only be in Congress for a maximum of two years, a single two-year term, no more voting in DC, no more living in DC.
Everyone lives in their own districts.
They debate and they vote over Zoom or some kind of technology.
You're just stealing all the glory out of being a Congressman.
That's the point.
All of the clout in this.
The salary.
The salary should only be 30 grand a year and you should only be allowed to run if your community
calls you, like nominates you, like some system where you're nominated by people instead of you going forward yourself.
Like make it to where it's a sacrifice of, you know, almost like getting called up for jury duty.
You know, if you're qualified and the people want you in this position, you sacrifice two years of your life making, you know, enough to pay your bills and keep a roof over your head.
You live among the people.
You don't go to DC.
Um, I think that would be a good start to fixing it, but Congress would never pass that.
Right.
You know, so my solution to that is grandfather them in, let them pass that legislation so it doesn't affect them.
Um, it only affects incoming congressmen.
And then the old guys eventually die out or get, don't get reelected.
And you know, the new guys can, within a generation, it's all fresh in there.
So that's, that's my, uh, that's my solution to begin.
Saving.
That works.
The Republic.
We'll go with that.
Sounds good to me.
All right.
Yeah.
So are you staying safe out there, Sam?
You guys had some riots out there in Denver.
Yeah.
Yeah, we did.
I mean, I'm not downtown.
So they all happened downtown.
But yeah, they seem to be, I mean, like relatively stable.
I know it was really rough for one night.
There were guns, people that they were trying to burn down the one of the police precincts in downtown Denver.
Um, but our mayor is bringing down the food.
He's awesome.
He's not, he's not messing around.
I mean, he's just like, he was just like, you know, if, if you're here to, to burn things and break windows, stay home.
We don't want you.
We don't want any of your fake protests.
You're hijacking a legitimate conversation for your evil and artist, uh, ideologies.
And we don't want you here.
Next time you come, we will meet you with a full force of the law.
in our law enforcement.
And I'm like, damn straight.
That's refreshing to hear it, isn't it?
What is it?
It is.
And honestly, it makes me feel good.
Like, I don't know.
It just, it makes me feel good about just the future of where I live.
It's like, man, like I want to invest in my community.
Like I want to, I'd be okay with investing in housing here because I know there's plenty of people from Portland and Seattle and New York and Wisconsin and LA that are like, I'm getting out of here.
Where's the next city that has good jobs?
that I can move to.
And it's like, oh, look, yeah, the Denver mayor's not putting up with any of this stuff.
I'll move there.
So I'm like, yeah, I feel like that's very hopeful for a place.
That's long been a question on my mind is I'm looking for what is the next golden frontier for people?
Because I feel like Texas is kind of starting to turn blue a little bit.
All the Californians are moving to Texas.
So assuming Texas is going to be
destroyed by liberals in 10 to 15 years.
I'm so nice.
No, remember our plan?
We all silently move back into the blue states that the liberals.
Yeah.
Yeah, like New York and California, pretty soon.
Well, my question, I guess, is what do you think is the like, where should I move?
Like if I say, I'm going to pick up and move to like the state of my choice, like, and I want like the best
you know, investment in property values.
Like I'm picking a state that's gonna be the next Denver, you know, the way Denver was 20 years ago before everyone moved in there.
Dude, Salt Lake City?
All the Mormons, up in Utah?
All the Mormon?
Yeah, Mormon land, dude.
You're not gonna have any riots.
Actually, they had Salt Lake City.
They had riots.
Did they really?
You're kidding.
Salt Lake City is very, Salt Lake City is actually very secular.
Yeah, it's just like a typical city.
Interesting.
Yeah.
But that area, I mean, Utah as a whole, you know, it's.
Um, Mont, uh, uh, Sioux Falls, South South Dakota.
South Dakota, I was thinking that governor, we need to go up to like Montana, Wyoming, South Dakota, because no one lives there.
So that's where you go.
And Sioux Falls is a, I mean, from what I've heard, it's a great, it's a great city.
We're really sounding like doomsday, uh,
We need a staging area for guys.
That's right.
And for all our followers, when we when we bug out of our cities here, where are we going to congregate?
Do you do you think Trump should be harder on?
So basically his approach so far with these riots is basically extending the invitation to governors and mayors saying, Hey,
said let us invite the National Guard, we'll come and stamp it out.
But he isn't really forcing that out.
He's been very hands off.
Should he be more hands on?
That's because he's an authoritarian despot, Aaron, because he's a authoritarian.
That's why he's being so hands off.
I have been, and I think we've talked about this before, that's one of Trump's best features is he has, just in times of unprecedented crisis, he has been hands off with
like with the strong arm of the federal government and let the states do their thing, which is an incredible, incredible thing.
It takes incredible restraint.
But in this case, as far as the riots go, I do think he's being too soft.
Do you think these things should not be allowed to continue one day after a day of riots that this is kind of playing into his favor?
like it's a political calculation.
I wouldn't, I don't want to assume that that's his motivation, but I mean, these riots make the left look horrible.
Yeah, right.
And as soon as Trump sends troops in, all of the focus is on Trump.
Yeah, that's true.
And all the brutality and tear gas and all that stuff, yeah.
So as an element of like, yeah, you burn up your city.
All Trump has to do is say, see, that's the left isn't condemning that.
So I mean, so you're say you're in Trump shoes here.
Right.
And let's say that that is like the choice that that's the actual choice.
Like, you know, let the let the riots continue under the pathetic leadership of these leftist governors.
and win an election or do the right thing and squash them now with the full power of the federal government and potentially lose the election.
What do you do?
You kind of see the opposite on the other side, don't you?
Like make a big deal of the coronavirus as long as possible and win an election.
Yeah.
Or, you know, start reporting it more fairly and consistently and highlight the progress and things getting better and end up
uh, losing an election.
That's true.
Yeah.
It's kind of coronavirus is the, is the tool is left right now and the riots are helping out the right.
It's, it's funny.
So what's going to happen is basically November comes and all of it will just disappear.
Right?
Honestly, I mean, this is kind of a different topic, but I'm telling you guys, if Trump wins, what is going to happen?
Like the absolute unhinged just
maniacal response.
You know, we're going to get some fresh clips of media.
Yeah, I know.
But I mean, I can't wait for another election night montage.
I watched a YouTube video like a gnashing of teeth.
So many times.
Dude, dude, they're, they're, they'll be right.
They'll be, they'll be full on riots.
By that ammo, boys, you might be the next McCluskey's
A crunch piece.
My house isn't quite as nice as that.
That was, that was like fucking the imbalance.
Holy crap.
People were comparing them to like characters on the purge, like the purge movie, like the rich apple from the purge.
That's another thing that like doesn't help the image of the left, like those guys being our representative, like they're like cartoon movie
level like villain rich people.
I'm sure they're really nice people and all that stuff, but they're just like almost caricatures of like what a horrible rich person would be.
So funny.
You know what I would do if I were Trump, I would get all of the Republican governors together and I'd be like, so I'm gonna pass a bill to pay for moving expenses for anyone that wants to move out of terrible democratic cities into your states and I want you to give them tax relief.
And then just like broadcast that be like, all right, if you live in a Democrat-controlled state and you think it's terrible, I don't blame you, you're going to get moving relief, stimulus moving relief.
You're going to get these 10 states moving right along.
They're like, cool, free moving expenses.
I don't want to leave it in the red state.
And then you have all the makings.
You have the line to try to think about that.
You know, you got all the solid red states and then the blue states.
That's the grand plan right there.
I will say though, I mean, Trump for the RNC this week, I think he's
He's kind of in his element a little bit about how to put on a production.
I mean, just tonight, right before we logged on, there's a video of him in the White House giving a full pardon to some ex-con who has been doing a bunch of great things for people and has reformed his life and all this stuff.
And right there, surprising the guy.
He doesn't even know what's about to happen.
He's like, oh, by the way, here's a free pardon, like a full pardon for you.
He knows how to own this on the media.
The media hate him so much because he's just, he knows what to do and these types of things.
I, um, yeah, I don't know, man.
I think there, there's, there's another side of me too that, that it is suspecting or wondering if the Democrats are, um, wanting to lose this election and are perfectly okay with losing this election.
Um, and I'll tell you why.
It's entirely possible that they could benefit more from another four years of chaos and hatred and just unrest than getting Joe Biden in because they can, you know, if they, if they generate more unrest and more hatred over the next four years and then take over, you know, maybe then with a more viable candidate like Michelle Obama or something like that.
you know, and then they sweep both houses of Congress.
You know, so what if Trump gets another Supreme Court pick?
They can stack the court, they can add five more Supreme Court justices to the bench.
You know, they can do, they can, and then they can exact their revenge that they've been wanting to exact for the last, you know, four years.
They'd set the stage basically to keep the Republicans from ever winning ever again, right?
Exactly.
Because in a way, you also are,
you use, you can use Trump against Republicans for the foreseeable future.
Right.
I mean, down the road, you know, whoever comes to, to run on the Republican ticket to Democrats and say, well, you were okay with Trump, right?
You supported Trump.
You were the party of Trump.
I can, I'm picturing the Republicans being known as the party of Trump for a long time.
Yeah.
And that being a, it's, it's kind of almost like a, where, you know, does,
Does the left want to get in a jab now or do they want to wait for years and put in a haymaker, you know It's like I think they would they would be okay with winning this this I'm sure they would but it's the thing with progressivism is They had the luxury of playing the long game because they're their cancer, you know cancer can wait
Cancer can go into remission for four years, but it's always gonna come back and it's gonna keep progressing, you know?
They are cancer.
And so at the same time also, you can like, not all of them.
I think mainly just like these media personalities, I don't think they're thinking that way.
I think they're just stupid.
I think there are some like career democratic politicians and donors that are, you know,
cogged into the machine that, and they're okay with losing, you know, because they have plans for the next 10 years or so.
But the media, the media will benefit if Trump's in for another four years too.
They'll have content.
Well, it's their, their favorite, their favorite place to be is to be quote, unquote, not in power and complain about who's in power so that they can, I don't know, whatever, so they can be a little whiny, maybe I'm not doing anything.
Which Republicans have done too?
I mean, it's under Obama.
Oh, yeah.
Well, that's the thing, because that's what Republicans have been doing for the past 10 years.
I mean, we had Congress and Senate for half of Obama's presidency, and they didn't do anything.
What do you think of, uh, I'm just like, I'm going nuts here at this point.
Um, what do you think of just a complete dissolving of the union?
Like each state becomes its own separate country.
So we're going to like full Alex Jones.
We've already gone down.
We always get to this point.
Yeah.
We've already gone down the libertarian YouTube guys.
What do you think about just like where America being destroyed?
What do you think guys?
What if we elected a king?
What happens then?
We're so going to be targeted just like federally tried everyone in Congress for war.
What if we did that?
Okay, guys, fine, whatever.
We'll move on.
How about like a different problem?
Well, you know, I think the lords on the throne, lords in control, his kingdom will never end.
Everything's going to be fine.
This is fun to talk about.
Everyone relax.
Boom.
I hate it when people end conversations like that.
It's just like, you know, it's, but the Lord is on his throne.
It's just like... Why?
That's a great way to end every conversation.
I know, but it sounds like a top out.
It's like a, oh yeah, remember, oh yeah.
Like it doesn't actually influence the conversation itself, but it's no.
It's like it's not actually making any difference.
It's just like, oh, I'm a Christian.
Oh, it makes a difference for me.
I'll tell you that right now.
It keeps saying.
It keeps me peace of mind, guys.
It's the perspective.
You know, you jump into the mud and wrestle with all this day-to-day garbage, and then you kind of got to back out at 5,000 feet.
And remember who we are and what we are and where we're going.
So that's why I always do that.
I've been watching both conventions.
And like you mentioned, kind of the Republican convention, just the vibe that it was kind of giving off a little bit.
I was thinking, I'm like, I'm so glad.
that my hope, like my everything is staked in either one of these.
It's just, man, what a relief, because that would be depressing, man.
No kidding.
Yeah, I've been taking a political fast for the past.
Well, fast is over until now.
It's been really nice.
It's been good for me.
So what have you been doing in the meantime?
What else is there to do?
What do you think about?
What do you watch?
What do you read?
What the heck?
How do you worry about Sam?
Come on.
Yeah, things that actually matter in my life.
Like what?
Tell us about your life, Sam.
Catch us up, man.
Well, yeah, well, I'm focused on work a lot, trying to get better at sales, listen to a lot of podcasts on sales, reading books, I've been reading endurance about Shackleton.
That's been really good.
That's a great story, man.
Yeah, it's freaking awesome.
Great wreck to our listeners.
If you haven't checked out the story of Ernest, it's Ernest, Ernest Shackleton, right?
Ernest Shackleton.
And the endurance.
It is a great study and leadership, just in an incredible human story.
Yeah.
And I decided I'm going to run an ultra marathon next year.
Whoa!
What's the ultra marathon?
It's more than a regular it's just like anything that's over 26 miles.
Have you run a normal marathon?
Nope going bigger going home You're just gonna start right off with an ultra marathon.
Yeah, I might run like a couple marathons before then but yeah That's cool.
Yeah, I see I don't have any desire to run a marathon It doesn't feel like that much of an accomplishment but running a hundred miles is like a
It's a hundred miles.
There are some hundred miles.
Yeah.
I want to work up to that.
Okay.
So have you seen these guys that run these, these races, these ultra marathon races?
Yeah.
They look like little skeletons.
Yeah, because they do it for a living.
They're like professional athletes.
I'm not planning on doing this.
Okay.
So you're not.
I'm not trying to get the best time.
You know, they go out there.
Well, to do that out in Denver too, is a mega accomplishment because you're a mile high.
Yeah.
And all the ultras are up in the mountains too, out of here.
Oh my gosh, man.
That would be quite an accomplishment.
So what are you doing to train for that?
I'm running.
I guess that would be what you do.
Yeah.
I mean, I have like, you know, I'm trying to plan out the next.
You don't like run underwater with like sandbags on your head.
Yeah.
No, I mean, I haven't really gotten into plans yet.
I've just been so out of shape the past three months.
been pretty sad.
So I think Aaron of the three of us, Aaron has really been the only one who has taken good care of himself during this quarantine.
I visited him and his wife on Sunday.
And we go into his house and he has a pull up bar in his doorway.
And he's like, your face is all like trim.
And like, you know, you gotta like that chisel, John, you got, you got some arms, some biceps.
I was, I noticed that in saying anything.
Well I was there but I saw you just gazing at me the entire time.
I may have gotten lost in your pecs a couple of times.
But yeah, good on you Aaron.
I haven't had a good job in quite a few weeks while I'm sitting here drinking white claw and vaping.
That's probably because you do not make stupid decisions like me.
Listen, guys.
I have.
I live right next door.
I live right next door to the best donut shop in the city, the best bakery in the city, a chocolate shop, a snack shop, and an ice cream shop.
I like how he has all these memorized.
Lickety split, wixie bakery, Harvard market.
What's the chocolate place?
I forget what the chocolate place is called.
But it's just right there.
It's like two houses down for me.
That's all the kids want to do is, can we walk to the chocolates and can we talk to the ice cream?
And it's just, you know, and I'm, and I have 10 years left to live, I'm sure.
Man.
Yeah.
It's really hard life, Joel.
It's tough.
It's, it's, it's their fault, not mine.
You know, I was just thinking too, I'm like, I don't know, physical accomplishments are so, they're not easy, but they're so simple.
And that's kind of why,
I want to have some sort of physical accomplishment in my life.
It's like, it's the hardest thing you'll ever do, but it's also the simplest thing you'll ever do.
And, you know, I'm just like, I get tired of thinking, I get tired of making decisions all day.
And it's just like, you know what, like just moving my body is so simple and I can do that.
That's pretty easy.
And it has an impact on your mind for sure.
Yeah.
Like to be able to pursue that and accomplish it.
And when you're in sales, it's like being on this hamster wheel that is never ending.
You never feel like you've arrived or come to the finish line or accomplished it.
And to have something like that, like you said, Sam, I really appreciate and understand what you mean by just the simplicity of it.
It's a very concrete, attainable, physical, simple goal that is very difficult, that takes a lot of dedication to get to that point.
I think that just accomplishing something like that and building a lifestyle around it, the structure that you build around accomplishing something like that, you'll read dividends in other areas of your life as well.
So when are you running your marathon, Joel?
I got the arthritis in my hips.
I can't run as much anymore.
I have a bad knee, I have no cartilage left in either of my hips.
I'm going to need a replacement in a few years.
I'm trying to take as good care of myself and as good care of my hips as I possibly can, so no more belly dancing or hip thrusting for me.
But I mean, good thing you already got four kids.
But yeah, like when I exercise, I kind of have to do the low impact stuff.
Like I got to be like in elliptical or swimming, Joel, swimming would be great for you.
Swimming would probably be really good.
I, yeah, I should, I should do that.
I should definitely do that sometime.
I'll consider it.
I'll pray about it.
Well, right now I'm neck deep in homeschooling.
We started homeschooling last week with the boys.
So Clara is going to kindergarten.
She's going to thrive in school.
She's going to do great.
She's already doing great.
The boys, they are not built for school.
So we're doing homeschooling and it's been great for them.
So I highly recommend.
I never thought I'd ever say this in my life.
I so resented homeschooling as a home as a young homeschooler.
And looking back, I'm glad that I did it.
And I
I recommend it for parents.
I mean, we get our work done in two to three hours a day.
We had dad up on Sunday afternoon and we were talking and he said, you know, never in my life would I've thought that Joel would be a strong proponent of homeschooling.
That's funny.
Yep.
You have come full circle, boys.
That's right, man.
Well, I think God gave us some very unique little boys.
I don't think we would have ever done it otherwise.
But essentially, God bullied me into homeschooling.
That's what he did.
So I'm submitted to his will on this one.
And I think it'll be good for the boys.
It's been good for me.
And just glory to God for providing for it.
I mean, he's provided me this job.
I'm working for the Babylon Bee now.
We didn't mention that.
But people know that you've done things for the Babylon Bee, I don't think.
Yeah, exactly.
As of a couple of weeks ago, it's now official.
I'm the assistant editor of the Babylon Bee.
So I'm working as an actual job for the Babylon Bee, which I...
The way it's true of...
I'm assistant to the editor, yes.
I'm Kyle Mann's slave bond servant of Kyle.
And I'm having the time of my life.
I still cannot believe what I'm doing.
I mean, my first day on the job, Kyle emails me, OK, I need this, this, this, and this.
Can you write this article and this article?
And also, we're interviewing Andrew Clavin tomorrow.
Can you write the interview questions for Andrew Clavin?
And Andrew Clavin is my guy.
He's like my second father.
I love Andrew Clavin.
a lot.
And he's had that tremendous influence on me.
And a lot of what I've done just in my life with pursuing writing and creative avenues is because of his influence.
And my first day on the job, I am writing interview questions for Andrew Clavin.
I'm like, are you kidding me?
So I feel very, very fortunate.
To be doing this and it gives me the flexibility to still homeschool the boys and be here when I need to be it's just yeah, I'm really praising the Lord so I found I found what I need to be doing and I'm loving every minute of it so Awesome dude at what I'm 34 35 something like that So Sam how old are you?
25 25 you still got 10 years to figure this out man and Joe I mean that's
I mean, 35 is, I feel like that's really young to have found something that you love.
I mean, most people don't find that their entire lives.
It's true.
So I think that's really awesome.
Well, you know, I think what really encouraged me over the last decade of being in the corporate world and climbing the corporate ladder and always being discouraged was reading about, I think John Piper on Desiring God or something.
wrote a blog post one day about all of the people, all of these great men and women who've done all these incredible things and the age that they got started in those things.
And a lot of them, like, were doing something completely different until like their fifties, like they didn't, they didn't get started on the track that made them these great historical figures until they were like in their forties or their fifties or even their sixties, you know?
And so,
I kind of realized the foolishness of feeling like my life was over at, you know, 25 or 28 or 30, you know, because it's amazing how quickly things can change and what life does.
So anyway, yeah, back to the politics.
So yeah, no, Kim Jong Un.
How about that guy, huh?
What?
He's dead.
He's dead?
Well, no, not yet.
So apparently he's like, you know how like a few months ago there was a scare with like he was in a coma, he was in surgery.
Apparently he never came out of that.
He's been in this coma this entire time and they've been faking public appearances from his old tapes and his sister's been running the country this entire time.
Okay, that's apparently what's been going on.
My favorite moment when hearing this news is going to Fox News and seeing the headline being,
Kim Jong Il.
I swear, the headlines at Fox News are written by some middle-aged dad who's just a master of dad jokes and tries to fit as many puns into the headlines as possible.
You know what totally happened though?
There was this big secret agent mission and these Navy SEALs dropped into the palace covertly and like,
slipped some poison into Kim Jong's tea in the morning.
That's what happened in my head.
Dude, that would be so cool.
It'll be a movie about it someday.
It'll come out.
It'll be declassified in 50 years.
I hope they make a movie about that.
They're already making a movie about the Russia, the Russia collusion.
Have you seen the preview for that?
No.
It's like this really dramatic and it totally buys like that Trump colluded with Russia.
It's like coming out on HBO.
It's like got all these big name stars in it.
Like what's his thing?
Who's the guy that plays the newsroom, that newsroom show?
Oh yeah.
He plays, he's in Dumb and Dumber.
Not Jim Carrey, but the other one.
What's his name?
Donald Glover?
No, no, no, no.
Hold on.
This is going to drive me crazy, eh?
Dumb and dumber.
What's the dude's name?
Jeff Daniels.
So yeah, Jeff Daniels plays James Comey as he's like the hero of the story.
And he's like, he's getting to the bottom of Russian collusion.
It's like, you know, dramatic music, like everything's dark and it's just.
So we need a conservative, we need a conservative response movie, you know, with like Kevin Sorbo star Donald Trump or something like that.
Yeah, right.
It's actually really kind of crazy.
I mean, like, have we, like,
The fact that Hollywood is putting out these movies like weeks after these games.
Almost in real time.
In real time.
Isn't that incredible?
I mean, they recently did that whole, I think it was called Bombshell about Fox News.
Right.
Yeah.
Fox News is like just like this evil misogynist organization that hates women.
It's just completely propaganda.
And I'm like, what?
I don't know, like what's motivating people to push this?
And I think that's when I look at our political scape and it's just like, I hate liars and I hate people to peddle in untruths and manipulation.
And that is my biggest motivator for my, like who I vote for in my political affiliations is because I'm sick of people lying and trying to manipulate people.
And so.
Yeah, it drives me nuts man.
The only thing is both sides lie.
Oh, they both do.
There's nothing out there that you can't.
It's just you have to dare you air.
It's Republicans don't lie.
No, that's true, man.
You got to got to be a lover of the truth.
Be willing to pursue truth no matter where it leads.
Gosh.
What else?
Aaron, what's going on in your life, man?
Yeah, tell us what's going on with you.
Nothing really.
I feel like I said it literally every single time we meet.
Get that backsplash.
Well, we're doing our insulation in a couple of days, so that's exciting.
Also, expensive.
What a man.
Yeah, I'm not doing it.
We're having some.
Well, no, I mean, you're just providing, man.
You're just doing it.
You're getting it done.
You know, you know, yeah.
Nothing.
Nothing new.
You guys, you guys watch anything or read anything lately that you would like to pass along.
A book I'm reading that's fantastic.
Tell me.
Gentle and lowly.
I've heard so much about that.
Emily, Emily, Emily started reading that book.
Yeah.
It's called The Heart of Christ for Sinners and Sufferers by Dane Orland.
Just incredibly refreshing and beautiful picture of Jesus that just makes you worship in response.
Wow.
It's basically the premise of, you know, he's describing the heart of Jesus.
And the one time when Jesus describes his own heart is when he described himself as gentle and lowly.
And that his heart toward us is one that draws near to us in our sin, draws near to us in our weaknesses, identifies with it.
Just all of the attributes of Christ that make him who he is, just fantastic.
Very, very well written.
Um, very artfully worded and, uh, I love that.
Yeah.
So I would, I would highly, I'm actually not even finished with it yet, about 75% uh, uh, Dane, Orland.
Dane, Orland.
Yeah.
Very good.
What about you, Sam?
Uh, no, no, no.
Yeah.
Uh, Emily's reading that one.
I'm so glad I married my wife, because she has all the best books that she knows about all the best books, and it's so great, because I'm terrible at that stuff.
She's a reader.
Yeah, she is, man.
It doesn't have to be anything like biblical or spiritual.
You just see in a good movie slightly.
We watched Snowpiercer the other night.
The movie or the show?
The movie.
Oh, the movie?
Okay, the movie.
Yeah, they made a show about it.
Interesting.
The movie's just quirky.
It's just so weird.
It's obviously made by someone with different sensibilities than your typical American filmmaker, and there's a lot of weirdness in it.
Very odd.
Yeah, and Emily hated it.
She was starting to get into it, and then when it ended, she was like, wait, that's the end?
And I'm like, yeah, it looks like it.
And she's like, that is the dumbest angle to a movie I've ever seen.
Yeah.
I couldn't get into it because it, I just kept thinking about the logistics of it.
Like you can't hold civilization on one train.
Like that just wouldn't even work.
Like where does it make sense?
Like where are they manufacturing their clothes?
Like where's the style?
Well, Joe, it's a concept.
It's a concept.
I know.
It's like an allegory, but I was just, it didn't, like James Cameron, like,
His movies work better for me because he actually thinks of how it would actually work and be plausible.
Well, the whole picture of the train is like the human race, no matter what happens is always rushing towards destruction.
Yeah, it's a Marxist movie.
It's class work.
It really is.
I mean, it's classism.
And then at the end, it's basically the human race deserves to be extinct.
the planet will go on living.
And it's kind of like, well, that's kind of, I think that's why Emily hated it so much.
She's like, it was just pointless.
Well, if, if you want a, if you want a good movie, who I think is by the, it's by the same filmmaker that I think does a better job of kind of with those same themes.
Parasite.
Have you guys seen Parasite?
That's the one that won like the Oscars.
One, one best picture of all the awards.
It is, it's actually really, really,
bizarrely freakishly good and just weird and just like a very, very good art piece.
But you know, probably one of those films is more easy to be like, wow, that's well made than something that you enjoy a lot and watch a second time.
But it's still- All the critics love these movies because- Yeah.
Break them down and be nerdy about them.
Yep, exactly.
Well, I'm going to recommend Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy.
I read that not the movie.
I haven't seen the movie.
I just read the book by Douglas Adams.
And I'm writing it.
I read it kind of his research for another thing that I'm working on.
And it's really good.
It's like just a funny, really funny satire piece.
A bit of an atheist theme to it.
But it's absolutely hilarious and it's a quick read.
I highly recommend it.
Earth gets destroyed in the first chapter.
And there's one survivor.
And the reason Earth gets destroyed is such a mundane, nihilistic, pointless reason.
It's just absurd and hilarious.
Was it like in the, like they were building a space highway and it was like.
Yeah, they were building the space highway and then it turns out that they didn't even need to build the space highway because it was like a mistake and anyway, another thing too.
Have you guys seen the show Avatar?
Not the movie, but the, the anime.
The last Airbender?
The Airbender, yeah.
Uh-uh.
No.
I watched it with my boys and it's actually really good.
I was very surprised, very, very good characters, very good story, very engaging and good for the kids and for the adults too.
So if you want to watch a fun anime, I'm not an anime guy, but the boys really like it.
It's amazing what genres are introduced to your life because you have kids.
Yeah.
I heard some other people really liked it, so I decided to check it out.
You know, it's wholesome and for the most part, you know,
got some a little bit of Eastern mysticism in it but it's got some of that weird anime stuff you know and weird anime stuff yeah anyway nice nice all right boys good to see you again good to see you too it's good to see you back yeah good to be back all right spread us but